Dear students, 

Welcome to CISC 3110, Advanced Programming Techniques. In advance of our first meeting, I wanted to share a few announcements and invite you to get started on some class-related work. 

1. Please review the course website at  http://bc-cisc3110-s17.github.io/. Please bookmark this address! The main page is the course syllabus; you may want to review it now. 

2. Please get the textbook as soon as you can (in either electronic or hardcopy form), as we will be using it immediately. The details are on the course main page.

3. Third, the course calendar is linked from the syllabus; it can also be 
reached directly at http://bc-cisc3110-s17.github.io/calendar.html. It will be updated with additional links, and the schedule may shift around a bit, but it nonetheless contains a lot of useful information. Among other things, it asks you to do some reading before our first meeting.

4. Fourth,  I'll be teaching the class using "Team-Based Learning." Some of you have had this experience with me before; others may have been in other classes organized this way. If you're new to Team-Based Learning, please read the main page of the site carefully (and if you've been in my courses before, you might want to read to see a few small changes I've made).

5. Finally, this course will teach you how to work in a Linux environment (if you're not already familiar with Linux). If you have a computer you can install software on, I strongly urge you to install a Linux "virtual machine" on it before classes start--especially if you have a laptop you can bring to class! I have very specific instructions for this process here http://bc-cisc3110-s17.github.io/linux.html (this page is also linked from the course resources page http://bc-cisc3110-s17.github.io/resources.html). Note that this won't replace whatever else you have on your computer; it's just another application. This is exactly the Linux environment that I will be using on my computer in class. 

I don't expect you to know much about Linux at the beginning of the course, but installing this (and maybe starting to play around with it) will be a great first step. 

Looking forward to meeting all of you! 
Scott Dexter 
